Cloud 7.2 docs update (#697)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: neon/pupil-cloud/enrichments/manual-mapper/index.md

# Manual Mapper

![Manual Mapper header image](./manual_mapper_header.png)

The Manual Mapper offers a simple interface for manually mapping fixations to a reference image, aiding gaze data visualization and analysis. Click on the reference image to map a fixation and the recording auto-advances to the next one. Fixations outside the image can be marked by clicking beyond the image boundary.

## Setup

- **Upload a Reference Image:** Upload the image you want to map fixations on. 
- **Map Fixations:** Begin mapping the recorded fixations onto the reference image by clicking the corresponding location on the image. If a fixation does not fall on the reference image, use the keyboard shortcut <kbd>S</kbd>.
    - The field `Fixation` shows the ID of the current fixation.
    - The field `Recording Mapping Progress` indicates how many fixations have been mapped within the specified enrichment section.

> In the example below, we manually map the fixations detected between the `epoch_start` and `epoch_end` events. This period includes 44 fixations in total, and we currently map the fixation with ID 72.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we manually map the fixations detected between the `epoch_start` and `epoch_end` events. This section includes 44 fixations in total, and we currently map the fixation with ID 72.
```

| **recording id**                 | Unique identifier of the recording this sample belongs to.                                                                                                     |
| **fixation id**                  | Identifier of fixation within the section. The id corresponds to the fixation id of the raw unmapped data.                                                     |
| **start&nbsp;timestamp&nbsp;[ns]**         | UTC timestamp in nanoseconds of the start of the fixation.                                                                                                     |
| **end&nbsp;timestamp&nbsp;[ns]**           | UTC timestamp in nanoseconds of the end of the fixation.                                                                                                       |
| **duration&nbsp;[ms]**                | Duration of the fixation in milliseconds.                                                                                                                      |

> | **fixation&nbsp;status** | Boolean indicating whether the fixation was inside or outside of the reference image. `Not mapped` for fixations that were left without mapping.|

Reviewer: Since there is a 3rd value it's not really correct to call this a boolean anymore. The last sentence also feels slightly unclear.

```suggestion
| **fixation&nbsp;status** | `True` if the fixation was mapped inside the reference image, `False` if it was marked as outside of the reference image, and `Not mapped` if the fixation was not mapped at all.|
```
